now on this channel we have never once
supported higher taxes on working people
this channel has always been about
higher taxes on people with huge amounts
of accumulated hoarded wealth if you
don't tax them they will use their
enormous amounts of income to buy the
rest of the wealth wealth inequality
will get higher and higher we will lose
our middle class and we will fall into
poverty we need to tax hoarded
accumulated wealth and if we did that it
would actually enable us to potentially
lower taxes on working people now how
does this relate oh I should probably
just add we're not even necessarily
advocating increasing taxes in general
really this is about changing who pays
taxes at the moment we have a system
where if you come from an ordinary
background and you get a great job and
you make a lot of money you pay a ton of
tax whereas The Duke of Westminster
inheriting 10 billion pounds and paid
nothing so at the moment hard-working
people are paying too much tax Super
Rich are not paying enough